Deploy release notes restructure (#5028)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-deploy/release-notes.md

*   Ensured signature refresh on Data Type move into or out of folder [#125](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/125)
*   Fixed selection of workspace for compare dialog
*   Optimized existence checks in connectors
*   Restore missing partial restore option in content and media tree roots (V9+)
*   Fixed extract trigger URL in PowerShell script distributed with Deploy On-Premise (V9+)
*   Improved deserialization of exceptions for clearer reporting (V9+)

### [10.0.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.0.1) (June 29th 2022)

*   Fixed issue with deployment of content using variant properties [#126](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/126)

### [10.0.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.0.0) (June 16th 2022)

*   Compatibility with .NET 6 and Umbraco 10

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 9</summary>

### [9.5.3](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.5.3) (February 14th 2023)

> *   Applied various updates to improve performance and reduce likelihood of timeouts when transferring or restoring items in bulk [#128](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/128) [#152](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/152) [#148](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/148) [#110](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/110) [#106](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/106)

Author: ```suggestion
*   Applied updates to improve performance and reduce likelihood of timeouts when transferring or restoring items in bulk [#128](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/128) [#152](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/152) [#148](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/148) [#110](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/110) [#106](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/106)
```

*   Surfaced information about configuration for the ignore of broken dependencies in the dialog that presents the error information
*   Fixed a CSS rendering issue for the deploy content dashboard's workspace display, when more than four environments are available.
*   Fixed issue with deployment of empty tags data [#104](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/104)
*   Retained compact JSON formatting when transferring grid values

### [9.3.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.3.1) (March 22nd 2022)**

*   Adds support for deploying new relation type property introduced in CMS 9.4
*   Fixes layout issue on workspaces dashboard when more than 4 environments are configured.

### [9.3.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.3.0) (February 15th 2022)

*   Content comparison dialog [#65](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/65)

> *   backoffice deployment of members and member groups.

Author: ```suggestion
*   Backoffice deployment of members and member groups.
```

*   Resolution of issue with failed extractions on vNext infrastructure.

### 2.0.18 + 2.1.3 (July 6th 2021)

*   Updating Cloud vNext related configuration

</details>

## [Deploy Contrib](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib)

{% hint style="info" %}
Deploy Contrib contains community contributions for Umbraco Deploy targetted for version 8 and above.

It offers connectors for the most popular Umbraco community packages. These are used by Deploy to aid with the deployment and transferring of content/property-data between environments.
{% endhint %}

### Deploy Contrib 11.0.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 10.1.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 9.1.1 (February 14th 2023)

*   Block grid editor support and fix for null reference exception (10+)
*   Further caching for deploy operations.

### Deploy Contrib 4.2.0, 9.1.0 and 10.1.0 (September 7th 2022)

*   Used caching in value connectors to improve performance.

> *   Fixed issue with transfer of nested content string values using item templates (i.e. commencing with "{{") that were erroneously considered as JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed issue with transfer of nested content string values using item templates (for example commencing with "{{") that were erroneously considered as JSON.
```

### Deploy Contrib 4.1.2, 9.0.2, 10.0.1 (July 12th 2022)

*   Optimized existence checks in connectors

### Deploy Contrib 4.1.1 (April 26th 2022)

> *   Fixes issue with deployment of nested content properties within doc type grid editor values. [#82](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/82)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixes issue with deployment of nested content properties within Document Type Grid Editor values. [#82](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/82)
```

Author: Doc type grid editor is the name of a package: https://our.umbraco.com/packages/backoffice-extensions/doc-type-grid-editor/ Which is the reason why I did not change the name 🤔 

Should it still be changed or?

Reviewer: Ooh! Didn't realize 😄 Then ignore my suggestion!
